Tech-i-taka (#511)
datasektionen/bawang-content: en/clubs/idrottsnamnden/body.md

* Volleyball
* Football

## Tech-i-taka

> Tech-i-taka, whose name is derived from tiki-taka (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiki-taka), is the football team of the computer science section and is part of the sports committee. The team is newly established (first season played in 2024) and competes in the "korpen"liga. You can follow them on Instagram under the username @techitakakth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tech-i-taka, whose name is derived from tiki-taka (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiki-taka), is the football team of the CS chapter and is part of the Sports Committee. The team is newly established (first season played in 2024) and competes in the "korpenliga". You can follow them on Instagram under the username @techitakakth.
```

* When Tech-i-taka is recruiting new members, you can apply via this link: https://dsekt.se/sok-tech-i-taka

> * Even when Tech-i-taka is not actively recruiting new members, you are still welcome to sign up to fill vacant spots in practices/matches using this form: https://forms.gle/pebmXo27QjvHFg3g9

Reviewer: Den andra länken borde också vara en dsekt.se-länk så blir det lättare ifall formuläret byts ut.
